Docs/icon custom size (#532)
pluralsight/tva: website/docs/development/headless-styles/Icon.mdx

:::

#### Custom sizes

> When you need something other than one of the standard icon sizes, you can pass a CSS size string to the `customSize` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need a size that is different from the initial options, you can pass a [length value](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Values_and_units#lengths) to the `customSize` option.
```
